actions/q-169: ADD question r/t self-hosted runners and IP allow lists (#748)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: questions/en/actions/question-169.md

---

> question: "Manuela is setting up self-hosted runners for her organization, which has heavily restricted communication with IP addresses. How can she ensure the self-hosted runners can still perform GitHub-related activity?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
question: "Manuela is setting up self-hosted runners for her organization, which has heavily restricted communication with IP addresses. How can she ensure the self-hosted runners can communicate with GitHub?"
```
